feat: Support configuring the name of the ca.crt in the TrustStore (#679)
stackabletech/secret-operator: docs/modules/secret-operator/pages/truststore.adoc

<3> Optional requested xref:secretclass.adoc#format[format]
<4> Optional Kubernetes resource kind, which should be used to output the requested information to.
    Either `ConfigMap` or `Secret`, defaults to `ConfigMap`.

> <6> Optional name of the key in the ConfigMap/Secret, in which the PEM encoded CA certificate should be placed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> Optional name of the key in the ConfigMap/Secret, which contains the PEM encoded CA certificate.
```

Author: The number obviously needs fixing, good catch!
Your suggestion makes it sound that the CM/Secret contains the CA cert.
I personally find that a bit misleading, as secret-op is the one that writes the CM/Secret with the key.
As of the time of writing this YAML line there is no CM/secret that contains a key you can reference to, it will be created later

Reviewer: Ok yeah the number fix is fine then (same for CRD).

Author: Thanks, picked in a7d6315

NOTE: Make sure to have a procedure for updating the retrieved certificates.
      The Secret Operator will automatically rotate the xref:secretclass.adoc#backend-autotls[autoTls] certificate authority as needed, but all trust roots will require some form of update occasionally.

== Integration with OpenShift Ingress

Sometimes you want to create an OpenShift Ingress to expose a stacklet that is secured using `https`.

> For TLS re-encryption to work you need to specify a Secret that contains a `tls.crt` key with the PEM ca certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want to create an OpenShift Ingress to expose a stacklet that is secured using `https`.
For the TLS re-encryption to work, you need to specify a Secret that contains a `tls.crt` key with the PEM ca certificate.
```
